For your final challenge I'd like you to
lay out the footer of this web page so
we have the mission and the collection and
then the footer is going to go
down here at the very very bottom.
And the footer is going to
include Several elements here
we have some social media icons and
we have an address that's here in place.
And so this is the way it should look at
the very bottom of the webpage stretch
that yellow all the way across
the full width of the browser window.
But line up the text and so
forth in line with everything
else that's there on the page.
Then when we go to a tablet,
this is the way it's going to look.
We only have two columns
to work with here.
So the stay connected will stay under
the first column, the wall of wonder,
that address will go
under the second column.
And then finally, when we get
to a mobile version of the site,
just stack everything
on top of each other.
So how'd you deal with
the footer challenge?
Hopefully you did all right,
let's go through the answers
that I came up with for this.
So we'll start here on line 63.
And you'll notice that I have sort of
an odd looking setup I have a div with
a class of footer.
And then I have a footer element
by itself, why did I do this?
Well eventually that div with a class
of footer is the element that will
stretch all the way across the webpage
giving me yellow from one corner of
the browser window to the other.
And then the footer part of it is
going to contain my content and
will have a max width
of 1200 pixels on it.
You'll see that in just a moment.
And so that'll keep everything
in line with what came before.
So I've given us a div
with a class of social.
And the reason for that,
why why is this div here?
Well we have a div and
we have an address remember we have to
manage our parents and our children.
And so if we set our footer element
to have our Flexbox declaration
on it any children after that
We'll be part of that layout so
what I really wanted to have happen was.
I wanted to have the social
there on the left hand side and
the address over on the right so
that is the reason why.
I needed the div to wrap
around the social information
to make it one unit For
positioning purposes.
So, inside of that this is an h4.
This is very far down on the webpage.
We have an unordered list once
again because this is a list of
social media icons and
it's marked up as such.
There they are.
And then we make use of the address
element down here at the bottom,
this is of course a postal address.
And the address element is a wonderful
thing to be associated with address
can also be used for a lot other things,
any method of communication.
Whether that happens to be phone numbers,
emails,
social media it could be potentially
used with the social media and so
forth geographic coordinates are one
of the things that address can use.
The other thing that's really
interesting about address is where you
place it on the page Is an indication
of whether this is the address for
the website or an address for
the author of an article.
So if the address is located towards
the bottom of the webpage usually as part
of a footer that is an indicator
that it's an address for
the organization or for the website..
If you use the address element
in an article, for example,
then that address is generally associated
with the author of that article.
All right, so then for
our styling portion of this.
Here we are around one
159 In that ending CSS.
We have our class of footer.
It has a background color of yellow,
it stretches all the way across the page
because we're not putting
any constraints on it.
And then inside of that, we have
the footer element itself self with a max
width of 1200 pixels, we've also
declared this as a display of flex.
And then we add to this,
some additional styling notice
that to get those two social
media icons next to each other,
we needed yet
another round of Flexbox declaration.
So here on the footer, UL I've displayed
flex again, in a flex flow of row wrap.
That's to put the two social
media icons next to each other.
And then down here,
here's the little bit of styling here for
the rest of the footer.
That basic stuff we have
our footer address.
By default, the address displays metallic
so we needed to turn that off that style
of normal with a margin top and
then I threw on a font weight of bold.
Okay.
As we get into the media queries I don't
think a whole lot changes in here.
It's pretty straightforward with
the address I did turn off a little bit
of margin that was on the Up
on the top of the address.
We needed that on mobile when they
were stacked on top of each other,
we needed that little bit of space.
But when we go to the tablet,
that little bit of space makes
these things look crooked.
So we need to get rid of that
to bring them back together and
make them on the same level.
We've also changed some flexspaces
values over here as part
of the final desktop based media query.